dotnet with ti args (#2921)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-test-intelligence/set-up-test-intelligence.md

### Build Arguments

> Enter arguments to be used as input for the build tool. You don't need to repeat the build tool, such as `maven` or `dotnet`; these are declared in **Build Tool**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter arguments to use as input for the build tool. You don't need to repeat the build tool, such as `maven` or `dotnet`; these are declared in **Build Tool**.
```
